Using log piles is a bit more difficult when you are running Spark in a cluster,
compared to when you are running it locally.
The log pile is just as everything else as spread across the different nodes.
Fortunately, the Spark UI provides a convenient way to look them up,
so you don't need to directly access the various workers via SSH,
for example, but just can use the white soc.
If we had a cluster rather than a local Spark running here,
we would have another column called logs with two links to
the standard out and standard error files for each of the workers they had.
In this case since this is a local Spark application,
we only have the thread dump for the driver.
Spark uses Log4j, a standard GBM library, for logging.
You can configure the logging level two different ways: you can
either at the Log4j properties file in the comp directory,
or you can set it in this Spark context.
So if we run set log level on the Spark context to error,
then we will only see error messages in the log files.
If you would like to have more verbose logging,
you can set this level to info, for example,
and then you will get a lot more information about your application.